Platform-specific content re-architecture (#1085)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/welcome-guide/setup/setup-from-github/building-linux.md

    Open a terminal window and change to the directory where you set up O3DE, then run the `get_python` script.

    ```shell
    python/get_python.sh
    ```

1. Use CMake to create the Linux build project for the engine. Supply the build directory, the Ninja Multi-Config generator, the path to the packages directory that you created, and any other project options. Paths can be absolute or relative. Alternatively, you can use the CMake GUI to complete this step.

    ```shell
    cmake -B build/linux -S . -G "Ninja Multi-Config" -DLY_3RDPARTY_PATH=$HOME/o3de-packages
    ```

    The preceding command specifies several noteworthy custom definitions (`-D`). All are optional but recommended in this example.

    * `LY_3RDPARTY_PATH` : The path to the downloadable package directory, also known as the "third-party path". Do not use trailing slashes when specifying the path to the packages directory.

> 1. (Optional) Use CMake to build the source engine. This step is optional because in the "source engine" build model, the engine is built inside of every project. If you plan on working with projects, to avoid building the engine twice, consider waiting until you learn how to create and build a project, which we cover in our documentation on creating projects. The following command builds the engine without a project.

Reviewer: Can you link to docs on creating projects?

Author: I would rather not give them a link here, actually. I don't want to tempt them to jump out here, because at this point, the reader should really complete the rest of the steps on this page. There's a link at the end.

    * `LY_3RDPARTY_PATH` : The path to the downloadable package directory, also known as the "third-party path". Do not use trailing slashes when specifying the path to the packages directory.
    * `LY_VERSION_ENGINE_NAME` : The name you want to give the engine. Giving the install layout a different engine name ("o3de-install") than the source engine ("o3de") enables useful side-by-side options.
    * `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX`: The path to the installed build of the engine source. The directory you specify here is your engine install directory. You will find the Project Manager, Editor, and other tools in the subdirectory `bin/Linux/profile/Default`. If you don't specify this option, the engine SDK binaries will be built to `<ENGINE_SOURCE>/install/bin/Linux/profile/Default`.

1. Use CMake to build the engine as an SDK, the same as if you installed the engine from an installer tool. The following example shows the `profile` build configuration.

    ```shell
    cmake --build build/linux --target INSTALL --config profile -j <number of parallel build tasks>
    ```

>     The `-j` is a recommended build tool optimization. It tells the Ninja build tool the number of parallel build tasks that will be executed simultaneously. The 'number of parallel build tasks' is recommended to match the number of cores available on the Linux host machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `-j` is a recommended build tool optimization. It tells the Ninja build tool the number of parallel build tasks that will be executed simultaneously. We recommend that the 'number of parallel build tasks' matches the number of cores available on the Linux host machine.
```
